readME.md, before:

Knight Travails Project.
One needs to create a Chessboard with a Knight placed on it.
Provided a specific board square, find the shortest path to said square from the knight's position.


Pseudocode:

Board= [
 
7 [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7],
6 [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7],
5 [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7],
4 [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7],
3 [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7],
2 [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7],
1 [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7],
0 [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7],

]                      

{ Xindex = row (row as data-set in html)
YIndex = column (column as data-set in html) }
  
  OuterArray = Y      
  Inner Array = X    
  Coordinates = [index of X, index of Y
  
  if (coordinates[0] <0 || coordinates[1] <0 || coordinates [0] > 7 || coordinates[1] > 7) invalid move

move 1 left  = X[index-1] 

  1left 2 up = [X[index-1],   Y[index+2]]
  
  1left 2 down = [X[index-1], Y[index-2]]
  
move 1 down = Y[index-1] 

  1down 2 left = [X[index -2], Y[index-1]]
  
  1down 2 right = [X[index+2], Y[index-1]]
  
move 1 right = X[index+1]

  1right 2 up = [X[index+1], Y[index+2]]
  
  1right 2 down = [X[index+1], Y[index-2]]
  
move 1 up = Y[index+1]

  1up 2 left = [X[index -2], Y[index+1]]
  
  1up 2 right [X[index+2], Y[index+1]]
  



When knight is on a board generate all posibble legal moves 

(recursively generate them as nodes, run Search algorithm for the shortest route to specific Cooridate) breadth search

prevent knight from going overboard(<0 >7)

return first shortest match 


                            Knight is on [1,2](Represent as a node) I want to find shortest path to [5,2]
                        All possible moves from 1,2:
              1left2Up       1left2Down   | 1right2Up 1right2Down  | 1down2Left  1down2Right  | 1up2Left      1up2Right
              0,4           0,0             2,4       2, 0            -1,0return   3,1           -1,3 return    3,3 


    0,4
    -1,6 return -1 return   1,6 1,2   -2,3 return 2,3   -2,5  2,5 =>next iteration
    
    0,0 
      -> next it
    2,4
      -> next it

    2,0
      -> next it
    
    3,1
    2,3 2,-1 return| 4,3 4,-1 return| 1,0 5,0| 1,2 !!(5,2) match!! previous value += match



1.Store adjacency list as a new Map
2.Input knight's first position
3.Generate all possible moves from the first position and store them in 
the key of the first position
  -Before generating new moves filter the array for undefined(illegal moves)

Input knight's destination
Check if position is not in the generated moves
  if true return key value pair 
  else recursively search for Destination
    let trailArray = trailArray.concat(GeneratePosition + GenerateMoves)
  Check if adjacency list contains soon to be generated position
For each possible move do the same until wanted position is found

Commit message:

added isEqual from lodash, findPath returns general path to destination, add: figure how to return the shortest path

readME.md, after:

Knight Travails Project.
One needs to create a Chessboard with a Knight placed on it.
Provided a specific board square, find the shortest path to said square from the knight's position.


Pseudocode:

Board= [
 
7 [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7],
6 [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7],
5 [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7],
4 [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7],
3 [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7],
2 [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7],
1 [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7],
0 [0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7],

]                      

{ Xindex = row (row as data-set in html)
YIndex = column (column as data-set in html) }
  
  OuterArray = Y      
  Inner Array = X    
  Coordinates = [index of X, index of Y
  
  if (coordinates[0] <0 || coordinates[1] <0 || coordinates [0] > 7 || coordinates[1] > 7) invalid move

move 1 left  = X[index-1] 

  1left 2 up = [X[index-1],   Y[index+2]]
  
  1left 2 down = [X[index-1], Y[index-2]]
  
move 1 down = Y[index-1] 

  1down 2 left = [X[index -2], Y[index-1]]
  
  1down 2 right = [X[index+2], Y[index-1]]
  
move 1 right = X[index+1]

  1right 2 up = [X[index+1], Y[index+2]]
  
  1right 2 down = [X[index+1], Y[index-2]]
  
move 1 up = Y[index+1]

  1up 2 left = [X[index -2], Y[index+1]]
  
  1up 2 right [X[index+2], Y[index+1]]
  



When knight is on a board generate all posibble legal moves 

(recursively generate them as nodes, run Search algorithm for the shortest route to specific Cooridate) breadth search

prevent knight from going overboard(<0 >7)

return first shortest match 


                            Knight is on [1,2](Represent as a node) I want to find shortest path to [5,2]
                        All possible moves from 1,2:
              1left2Up       1left2Down   | 1right2Up 1right2Down  | 1down2Left  1down2Right  | 1up2Left      1up2Right
              0,4           0,0             2,4       2, 0            -1,0return   3,1           -1,3 return    3,3 


    0,4
    -1,6 return -1 return   1,6 1,2   -2,3 return 2,3   -2,5  2,5 =>next iteration
    
    0,0 
      -> next it
    2,4
      -> next it

    2,0
      -> next it
    
    3,1
    2,3 2,-1 return| 4,3 4,-1 return| 1,0 5,0| 1,2 !!(5,2) match!! previous value += match



1.Store adjacency list as a new Map
2.Input knight's first position
3.Generate all possible moves from the first position and store them in 
the key of the0 first position
  -Before generating new moves filter the array for undefined(illegal moves)

  Use BFS with queue:
  Generate key and moves for position
  push position into queue
  Add position as array to visisted
Add position into queue
  In queue
